you are surrounded by king penguins
South children an island located in the
far south of the Atlantic Ocean next
stop and top tip 1500 kilometers away
the brown feathered penguins next to you
might look fully grown to meet chicks
in fact when first discovered they were
mistaken for a completely different
species and named the woolly penguin
these chicks are less than yo but we'll
keep this fluffy look until after their
waterproof feathers develop and when
they do start to molt the results can be
pretty comical son hold it right there
wearing a furry base coat amongst the
Penguins lie the largest seals we're now
like next a colony of southern elephant
seals over four metres long and weighing
three and a half times the male's can be
as heavy as three cars elephant seals
are named after their trunk like snacks
used by males to make the deep snorting
sounds you can hear it's approaching the
breeding season and only the dominant
males will make these beach masters can
hold a harem of up to a hundred females
and the grunts you can hear are warning
to rivals stopping unnecessary fights
from break out carefully and we'll spot
their sometimes physical conflict these
males have spent nine months at sea
increasing their body weight allowing
them to survive without food or water so
they can mate with as many females as
possible
along with the Penguins these seals show
incredible adaptation to love from one
of our planet's most extreme locations
if you've been lucky enough to see
penguins or elephant seals in the world
would love to hear your thoughts in the
comments below